feat: reach clean tool (#1236)
reach-sh/reach-lang: docs/src/tool/index.md

$ reach down
```

# {#ref-usage-clean} @{ref("cmd", "reach clean")} `reach clean`

You can delete the contents of `build/index.main.mjs` with

```cmd
$ reach clean
```

> This command is useful when the backend's version no longer matches the Reach standard JavaScript library. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command is useful when the backend's version no longer matches the Reach standard library you have installed and you need to recompile.
```

> The standard usage is `{!cmd} reach clean [MODULE] [IDENT]` where `MODULE` is "index" by default and `IDENT` is "main". 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The standard usage is `{!cmd} reach clean [MODULE] [IDENT]` where `MODULE` is `index` by default and `IDENT` is `main`. 
```
